friends here.
We're going to discuss a vote.
What are the rules To create a pattern such that you can use that pattern in your regular
expressions.
See,
already we know simply What is The geeks are little expression.
the Ricketts is a procedure in any language to look for a specified a pattern in a given
text.
No,
If you want to work with the clerics presents using your python then you have to use a
module called rt and there is a default model.
So if you want to work without he in your skips,
you hardly import that.
Simply import rt.
Now in this audio model,
your having different types off operations.
Now I'm going to show you some off them.
Like such match find either find all substitutes split,
Compile like on See as off.
No,
we are very beginning stage to work with your regular expressions.
That's why I'm going to show you simple sin taxes for your such much find leader and find
all See,
this is wonderful expression and here we are using such operation.
Now the purpose off search operation from your regular expression is different.
Same way the matches different find either is different.
Find all is different.
But whatever it may be,
all these operations are going to use the call pattern.
No,
before going to walk with your regular expressions operations foster fall.
We should be good with the pattern.
I mean,
how to create a pattern or what are the rules to create your pattern right Once.
If you're good with pattern,
then you can very easily use your required oppression from your regrets or remodel
something first.
I'm showing you a very simple examples for your pattern.
Are not really.
We know that gays.
What is the pattern pattern is simply a sequence off characters which represent multiple
strings.
No,
see that I'm taking one off the pattern called python inside off a quotation.
First of all,
this is the string your pattern,
but this is normally a string.
But when nobody for you that this is string inside off your regular expressions,
then it is going to become a pattern.
No,
Generally,
I'm saying that pattern is going to represent multiple strings,
but of course,
sometimes you were.
Pattern is also going to represent only one string.
No problem.
But if you use your string inside off regular expressions,
then this is going to become a pattern.
Now this pattern is going to rubble and only one string.
But if I take this pattern python in square Backers two and three,
first of all this year string normally disease string.
But if you use this string inside off your regular expressions now it is going to become a
pattern.
Now,
if it is a part time,
it is going to represent two strings python to and fight on three.
That's it.
Now here we hope to know how the square brackets are going to work here based on square
baggers.
No,
this interesting is going to represent two strings.
That's why this is called a pattern.
Now we hope to learn this type off rules to create a pattern.
Anyway,
we'll see them one by one,
step by.
Step on,
guys,
sometimes for your pattern.
You can also use our that is called drawstring.
But there is a some purpose for that.
We'll discuss that in your at once.
Level off your of your expressions.
No,
this is just to get the idea on how to create a pattern or to understanding the rules to
create your pattern.
I'm going to take one off the operation from your regular expressions that is called final
.
Because come back to all this final is very easy.
So I'm going to take this operation just to do The clarity on are to create rules for your
patterns.
The letter will work with all operations.
See once.
If you're good with pattern,
then we can work with any operation from your regular expressions I find No.
See that find all this is one of the operation from your regular expression.
Know how to use that find all simply you hardly import your ari model inside off your
scripts on our on your commonly then,
Audie don't find all patron text.
So this is your given text in this text you're going to such for something such for some
string that we're going to use Ah,
that that we're going to find by using final operation from your eye.
So finally,
whatever you're going to get that I'm printing,
that's it,
right?
See that?
Just to give simple idea?
I'm going to write a simple by transcript.
Let me sail this.
Of course,
you can practice this in your on your common land as well.
So practice for right GEC's dot The way the foster fall we're going toe work with regular
expressions in your python.
So when it we import are you and make sure that this is a default model you need to install
your already mortal body for it.
Is there with your python?
No,
First of all,
let me take my string or let me say simply text.
You can take anything.
This is just a variable.
So this is a by phone.
I It is easy to learn that this is my string.
No,
My intention is I won't do such a string called is in a given text.
See that what I'm doing is simply I'm going to create my pattern.
Part of it is nothing but what is your required?
A string?
What is the required string?
You want to search any given text?
That is a pattern.
So I want to.
Such with only is no.
Let me simply bring or you don't find all your pattern immigrant next.
So,
guys,
these other variables directly If you want to write you are pattern here in your detective
Eric invited I will show you that as well?
No.
Let me understand.
Seat output.
See in your entire text in how many places eases their see guys,
Be clear.
We are not going toe walk with world water means before you were starting a letter off
award each other some space after an Englander off.
Your worries are some spirit.
Then that is a word.
But as off No,
you're not going to work with the word We are going to work with your string.
See,
easy is there with the combination off this world.
But we are looking just simply is a string.
So here is is that year is there here?
Is that so?
All those is you are getting.
See?
What I'm saying is yeah.
Ah,
While working with your regular expressions directly,
you can write your pattern year on your next year.
See,
I'm going to write this thing,
but engine off writing Just I store in some variables are now.
I am working with variables.
There is no change like any.
But this is not a good practice.
Faster store you're texting.
Toe some variable on your pattern into some variable.
Then you that variables plane.
No.
How it is going to work Very simple.
What is your pattern is so two lectures a string you're searching.
What your python will do from your given text will take 1st 2 characters then is this.
But are these two characters are equals to these two characters?
No,
that's why it will skip that part.
Then we'll take second Catic good on third character H I R D equals trees.
No,
there is going to skip Then third and 40 will take Yes easily is now he's going to match.
You're going to get so likewise It is going to come firing your entire text wherever there
is a match for is those who strings.
You're going to get big hear Not a word.
Just simply are going to match for your string Even what is also a string See here is were
But here is is not a word That is the combination Off with some other word.
But we are not looking for a world.
We're looking for a string.
That's it.
No.
Can you tell me Very simple logic.
Here are these How many times is there in a given text?
How many times is is there any given text,
see if he observed the Operation Desert find All operation result is a listener.
We know the length we can find for a list by using lent operations so that we can conclude
that there are three E's strings or they're given texts.
It's very,
very important.
One.
That's why so First,
let me write once again,
print or you don't find all your pattern given text.
Fine.
No,
my intention is actually the basic purpose off your regular expression is at that time.
If you want to such multiple strings,
then we're willing to work with regular expressions.
No,
I want to print from my given picks wherever easy is that I mean either string on industry
,
All those things I want to print see my intention.
Be clear.
I want to such for he's on it in a given next.
So if he's is that it has to print,
if it is,
there has to print Suppose if he's is there multiple times.
All entries are stupid.
If it is there multiple times all it's it has to print.
But no,
you have to understand that this year your having two strings,
but from these you need to make a pattern such that that pattern has to represent these two
strings.
So there,
by using that pattern,
you can search any given string for these two strings.
So if you have your first character is common,
No,
that's why I can take simply I then second character.
It may be,
yes,
rt.
So whenever there is a possibility off this one or that one,
then just simply right square brackets inside of that just right.
Yes.
T rt a snowball on both are same right now I see that what I'm doing is injured off ease.
Foster characterizes.
Sorry,
I but second character,
maybe yes or maybe d No.
See,
there is a is is it is yes,
you are getting but you need to follow other here.
I mean first.
Yes,
the second.
No,
not like that.
You can also write p assaults or no bottom.
See that Now you are looking for a string which contest off two characters.
First of all,
aren't that string to Carter string maybes?
Or maybe it Now you are going to search for two strings little went off to.
That means two characters in each string.
Those since are eaten is in a given text.
Now,
if there are any given text then you're finally is going to find them.
Let's say somewhat,
I'm trying to find Let me come in.
This I want to find like my bargaining goes to simply X.
Do you have X and you are given text?
No,
that's why are getting empty,
right?
Do you know yet?
Yes.
How many times he is there?
That many number of times you are getting here.
Is that be clear?
Very,
very important Here.
Is there here?
Is there yet?
Is there so wherever you help Yea,
that all is You're getting here.
So if you go without once the operations like such find all the refined in there,
then you're going to get the in expression as well.
What is off?
Index off first?
Matching character.
Much first of matching string on second matching string.
We will see that in and once 11.
So for timing,
we have to understand how to create a pattern.
No,
Here I'm going to show you the simple rules to create your pattern.
But these just first level roots basic rules.
So we will see at once.
Level rules in next video find The very first thing is suppose I want to match.
You haven t been directly hard right here.
There is no any other option.
I mean,
suppose here our 10 year right?
So you are going to match everything it then you are getting No.
But I want to match with some number.
If number is there 9 to 9.
If that nine number is there any given string done given sting me specs.
Today's in this text variable If you have a nine,
then this spite on will find that.
But as off No,
you don't have any nine number in a given text.
That's why it is not finding so simple.
Rule is if you want to match with any particular character with the popular character
character,
the needle solidarity,
right?
Your partners that character only Let's say somewhere I'm having a great no,
I want to such home.
Your times are ready.
Is there any given text?
See that one time?
Let me read somewhere Once again This did it.
No.
Let me read on your corn and see the results in two places.
You our today?
No.
Those two are drinks you are getting fine.
If you want to match any character with Butler character,
then you're to write that careful itself.
That is anywhere.
We know that.
Generally second see,
just know we have seen that if I write something like ts r S t what is the meaning for this
?
It is going to look for ever tea or for us,
but its aim If Eric ABC if I don't ABC how it is going to look for a diary a or b R c in a
given text.
Let me show you that so that you can understand Suppose I am reading as I know my pattern
is a drink.
Now you're finally is going to match are looking a given text only 400 know What I'm doing
is if I write something like our did eight year,
what is the meaning for this?
You are going to look for a string which consist off at the rate on the immediately side by
side,
at the rate and year.
Do you have any where any given text?
No,
no.
Where we Howard the rate only immediately in a given text.
Now see,
that is are empty but I want to look either for a day or four year or for yes,
you can have any number off characters inside off square records know the meaning is agenda
your by Tony's going to such for today also for year and also for us.
No,
see,
there isn't.
How many times s are there that many times you're going to get this hominid?
EMC is there that many times here you're getting home in times already,
is there you're getting now,
First of all,
you're looking for only one character string in a given string.
That character maybe at the rate maybe.
Or maybe yes.
So all these three are there some number of times you're going to get all of them that many
number of times,
right?
Fine,
no.
See here.
So sometimes I want to just a gender.
I want to look for another year or B or C or d r e r a f.
So what is the meaning off if you write any characters in inside of a square bracket means
first of all,
this entire thing is one character.
But that character,
maybe,
or maybe B or maybe C d like ways so I converted in this way.
If I want to look for a three r B R C R D r your f But all these are sequence characters
like Where do you have?
So instead of writing in this way,
there is a shortcut for this.
You can also write simply year to year,
not a meaningful.
This is you're going to look for one character stream,
but that character,
maybe a or maybe be or upto.
Yes,
that's it.
No,
I assume that something like this I want to such a string.
Oh,
let's see.
Yeah B c d a.
Three r b r C R B r Some h i j k Yell our x y z No spaces,
guys.
Yes,
I Jr.
How does the a,
B,
C D at a J K l our next ways there?
No.
What is the first awful meaning for this?
If you write anything in skirt inside off the square brackets,
it is going to look for one character string,
but that character maybe year or maybe something like that from this group.
But if you have their first of four characters are sequence next to fight,
characters are also in sequence.
Next three carpets are also sequence.
In that case,
you can also add shortcut as it would be nobody for later to means a B c d,
then pitch hyphen yell The meaning for this is heads I j k l then X iPhone there know the
meaning for this is X wiser just for the shortcut.
This is right.
No,
see that.
Let me take a given text.
So my intention is let me write.
They let me come in these quarters off.
No,
actually,
my invention It just I want to look for a three r b r seat or D.
Let me take it.
So my pattern I want to look for only for either yea r B or C or D,
but nobody If you want to look for either er BRC rd.
Then you had to write your characters inside off the square brackets.
Now let me bring Ah,
Your operation is from Maury.
Find all from your part.
Run.
You are given a text.
No.
See the result a B,
C D.
C is not there nowhere and be also not there.
But he Andy is there.
That's why you're getting that?
Yeah,
yeah,
right.
But the same thing I can also right here to d see the result First two years,
one B two years.
No.
See the result I'm going to rely on by changing my pattern,
Something you're getting.
So this is exactly equal stools A B,
C D.
Sometimes you're going to look for any character.
Suppose there to said no need to read the A B c D e f d a poser simply adversity can,
right?
Yeah,
I found it in squared records.
That's it.
So this is one of the rules then.
So that's what I'm giving here.
So this is already we discussed.
Suppose if how a B,
C D some hedge A jacket on X rays there you can also write short cut in this way.
No,
let me take small w slash w matches Any single character or disease or underscore.
See that?
See you guys,
if I write simply,
partners here is going to match with toe only.
Yet you're finally is going to look for this year in a given text for you only.
But if you right into Javier for right,
some special symbol chords slash double You know the meaning for disease Any number Any all
forbid from you,
does it?
Our capital Do said then number Gerardo nine are maybe underscored.
Also see suppose if we have a textual ABC and if I write a pattern year now if I look into
this year is going to get only one time.
But if I write in place off yes slash W is also a slash w or B also comes under slash wc
also come from the slash the blue Now you're going to get three characters because last w
means any any alphabet Our number on one underscored as well Let me show you this on your
script See,
my invention is let me take no First of all,
let me come in the score.
Let's be clear.
I'm going to take my pattern as magnetic.
Sorry,
I'm not taking frosting as off.
No,
but we have to take it.
I will tell you when you had to take our fine Know what I'm doing?
This simply I'm reading slash w not see the result.
If I do bring,
you were already door Find all your pattern in a given text.
See the reserve.
You're going to get all matching things except the space.
Are we getting space matching?
See,
after this ease between the Cindy's.
We have a space.
Are we getting a space any very yet?
No.
Because space not comes on this last small W That's why I'm not getting the matching for
their on under.
It not comes under.
We were slash the blue.
That's what he is.
Not a match for your slash w That's why you're not getting there.
Let me rate somewhere high fun Unlimited somewhere underscore.
I'll see that is in.
You're getting underscore between war and yell.
There is a underscore,
but between warned understory of a space that space is not a match you're not getting there
on iPhone is not comes under this slash the blue,
but underscore comes on a slash w That's why are getting here.
No,
I am looking for your letter string or two character string If I read slash w slash w The
meaning for the days Just are you mention yea means sorry.
Slash w means here to jets more letters on a desert capital.
Letters and numbers 0 to 9 on Underscore.
Now if I rated to slash W's The meaning for that is it may be year yet Yeah,
baby.
Yes,
see,
like weighs a desert on B A B.
BBC like ways are maybe eijiro year.
One year,
two up,
two year nine Are you underscore?
Might be underscore.
See underscored like where you're going to get number off combinations among all those
combinations,
Whatever the matching,
Is there any given string?
You're going to get them,
See if I write slash w slash w The meaning for that is you're going to look for it's string
,
which consist off two characters.
Now,
if I run Days City,
it is also one match for this.
First let me on this and see the airport already can understand.
See that?
Be it to let us bring us much.
That's why we're getting there.
He's Yes,
you are getting,
then is your in between.
You have a space right spaces not comes under your slash W.
That's why you're not getting that is yes,
you are getting see yeah is only one single character before he.
And after you have a space so combination with year,
you don't know any value.
The character,
which comes under slash w in case of space comes on a slash w You're going to get yes,
space also,
but space not comes under slash w matching.
That's why for yea,
you don't have any combination toe get to character string.
That's why there is not going to match for your pattern like And one more thing.
See that last elite suppose?
Does your character string?
You are to character string,
but for you,
you don't know again any matching to get a two character string after the end.
Suppose if you have any character,
let's a year now.
If we're on this,
see the last thing you're getting year after we are now.
I already year year.
Let a character my for real on you're going to get in you also.
Not only year you can take underscore also,
because understood also comes on a slash W.
You're going to get match by using these two characters combination.
Now let me rate 33 Character matching guys know the meaning for disease.
You're going to look for a string which consist off three characters.
But what are those three characters we know?
Slash w means any character here to say smaller capital Jiro to nine on underscore only
from these three groups.
It is going to look for three character string.
No,
let me run this and see the result.
He had tight three little character.
Yes,
you are getting but for yes.
After that you have a space so space not comes under slash W.
That's why there is no possibility for this year's to make three letter character There is
going to skip then.
For years you have wanted to characters,
but you don't have any three characters a string,
Because if you want to get the three character string here,
we have a space.
But space is not comes in a slash W.
That's why you're not getting your part for this same here for you.
You don't have any three carpets thing but fight on PPV i d.
Three characters,
varied characters,
actually,
in three characters,
that's we're getting there.
Yeah,
a nd three characters.
For if you don't have any valid three characters,
that's why you're not getting he's yes year Yes,
three characters,
but for way we don't have any ah three character string combination.
That's where this is not a part like waste you're getting.
I hope you're good with this.
No,
let me go with a capital W matches any character,
not part off slash W So whatever you have in this small w other than that all are going toe
comes from this capital.
W c that now let me come in this first let me take my partner small o w only,
and see the result of first print or you don't find all nice.
You can get clarity by doing practice.
Please do same thing once.
I mean,
whatever we done here,
same thing you just practice once and try to understand how you're going to get your output
more like Mitt on this sensitive output.
But if I make it as a capital of you sooty on the head,
try.
Yes,
whatever you're getting here.
No,
these are not the part off capital of you.
They're part of small w.
That's fine.
If I write capital of you,
see what you're going to get,
you're going to get spaces that did it on a hyphen because these are not the part off your
capture small of you.
It is going to look for a character which is not there in this group.
Small w group space is their match for cattle of you are there It is the match for capital
w See how many spaces are there,
All those spaces you're going to get here?
So that is the use off capital.
W simply the members which are there in this other than that remaining all or comes on a
capital w very,
very important,
then slash b matches their dismal desert Gero denying any number.
See anyway bitey for the small w means it also include your numbers.
But along with numbers slash the blue includes alphabet and underscore.
But I want to match with only numbers.
Let's say a house somewhere.
Let me write Fight on three by 10 3 on Let's say somebody just for a year I'm writing Fight
on two on something.
I'm reading some number.
Let's say for okay,
I know what I'm doing is I'm going to take a pattern as some slash d.
You know what is meant?
B slash d Any number genital nine.
See,
I'm going to take patroness slash Lee and let me print it Audie door find all study find
all your part run in a given text.
So very What number is there because you are looking for only one number One string.
Sorry it character which consist off only one busy a string which consist off only one
character.
That Is it busy?
No.
See the result 243 Yes.
You have somewhere to 40 are getting there?
No,
my indention Ease.
Bite on with some number.
So before slash D I should have a word called Fight on after that.
Any number?
Maybe two or three.
No,
You fire Lundy's.
You're going to get fight on after that number.
Is there?
No,
that now This is the match for this pattern.
At the same time,
fight on trees also match for slash D.
Suppose if I write only piped on two.
You're going to get only piped on 32 because directly are mentioning match to with to fight
on two with bite on Do but I want to match with python slash d means the meaning for this.
It is going to represent bite on Jiro.
Bite on one fight on to python three are to fight on mine.
But among all those whatever the strings are there in a given text.
Those things,
those who strings on it is going to match.
That's it right now.
Let's say in June of this pattern I want to look for a string which consist off two visits
.
Do you have anything in this?
No.
Just sequence,
Lee.
I mean,
emergent Tory's know where we're having.
That's why you're not getting that.
Let's say I want right here.
45 something.
Now you're getting that because Tories are there you're looking for slash This last day
means a string which consist off two visits.
Yes,
you're getting no.
So in this basically is Let me go with the last one dot very,
very important one at the same time.
Confusion one very useful in your real time dot That matches any single character except a
new line character.
See if you take slash w Other than this members all our comes on this last capital W But if
you go with the dog,
all valued characters which are there in your keyboard are in charge there.
And you are our computer language.
All are going to match with your dot except the new line.
See that?
Let me coming.
These things first because these are very basic rules to create your patterns.
We have at once levels husband.
We'll see them in your next video.
So not my intention is I'm taking a patroness.
Dark means match with any character.
Now see that What you're going to get You're part one comma text.
All are going to get See that are going to get the each and every carpet which is there in
a given text.
Anyway,
we don't have any slash and I'm in new lining over given X except that that is going to
match all things now If you have the he hedge,
I Yes,
after that space is there in a given text.
Yes,
that space is also matching for dark,
Dark mint dot means anything simply other than slash and no,
I want to match any two characters then by two dots.
Now see the result I want to match for three dots.
I mean any three characters any three symbols which are there in a computer language.
See that?
33 you're going to get no,
my intention Ease.
I want to match dot with dot only not generally dot means in your pattern dot means for any
matching except new line.
But I want to match dot with dot Let's say in a given text somewhere.
How?
Dr.
Fight on to dot Now,
if I run this what you're getting so you know,
you're also going to get somewhere dot Also,
you're looking for three visits.
String.
Yes.
Sorry.
Three character string.
Yes,
you're getting young to dot But along with the daughter,
you are also getting some other strings.
No,
but I don't want to get them.
I want to get exactly dot with dot Only I want to match my dot with dot See if you remember
.
If you want to match every theater,
let's say this is your text CNBC This is your text and you want to write a pattern so you
can write a part on if you want to match we every year,
year only.
Or writing now in my Texas somebody How dark.
But I want to match it dark with the dot simply whether dot dot is going to match with any
character.
But I want to match this dot With this dot only at that time you had to escape.
You are special purpose off your dog by placing slash symbol.
Let me run days slash dot Now see the result.
Let me write some other ways.
Us some in other places dark.
See that not to.
But if I remove this slash now you're going to get all characters which are going to match
for your daughter by simply dot means anything.
That's it except new line.
So it's very,
very important days if you want to match dot with the daughter you had to use in your
pattern slash dot Very,
very useful example.
I'm going to do you really time.
Let's say you have a text in this week.
This is my i p off a BB somewhat.
It's just I Jr Ah,
some to 55 dot Let's say one double Jiro.
Ah,
one Jiro too.
Of course.
Um,
as off.
No,
I'm taking in my A p in all places in all places.
Three digits.
But see you.
Me?
How sometimes you're only two digits are one visit right.
But as off no.
Based on our rules,
if I go with this example,
you can understand later,
we will see you know at once level if you have only one day city year out,
auto match.
Everything we will see.
No,
I am goingto tell you one important thing from your real time.
So you are going to run some script already Some information.
Is there somewhere in your text file And you're going to read that?
But you don't know Very ripe.
Is there a June?
Are You're getting some upward Somewhere in that I'll put you how it be But you don't know
where exactly Your i p is there where exactly where I please there.
But I want to fetch only my i p.
How you can read the backer.
See,
I can buy the bottom any variable.
Just take anybody I'm taking simply no pattern on my part.
Not part of our exit Coast Also you can take see as off.
No,
I'm assuming that in my a p in all places three digits number is there.
That's why slash these last days.
Last day means you are looking for three disease string in a given text.
But first let me Lundy's so that you can understand what happened.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I heard it at the end.
One more extra slash.
Fine.
I'll see that.
Find all your pattern.
You were text.
See the output.
Okay.
Admitted that three visits,
no seed output 2 55 1 double zero and 0 to 10 to your getting separately.
But this entire thing is one I p.
I want to get us of only one value.
Not like this.
Then one iota dough.
I want to write a pattern such that it is going to match with this thing.
I don't know exact number.
What is there?
But I know in each and every operation there are three digits,
then three slash d slash days,
then dark slash This last day slash d dot slash This lastly slash B darks large.
These last D slash d No,
si don't put it's working perfectly,
right?
It's working perfectly now.
CDA magic.
Let's say here are injured off slash d.
What I'm doing is slash w m writing.
Yes,
agenda Because under slash W You're also going to get a disease,
right?
No.
See the result what you're getting you are getting No,
I'm writing.
He had a a s something in this way.
I'm writing mostly the result.
What you're getting No,
very your daughter.
You're known.
Then why it is matching with the aura given pattern because dot means anything but I want
to match dot with the guard only I want to match dot With not only otherwise,
let me take in terms off numbers only.
So that a good idea?
Let's say 12 three Ah,
on extra number.
Let me write some numbers.
Some number He's not a p right,
But I'm writing some number now.
Let me right in sharp for this thing.
Let's be clear why I am giving this means In your real time,
you're going to get sometimes confusion for that I'm giving some clarity here to use your
slash deep.
No,
you filing the suit output.
This is I p but this is not a happy right.
Our indigenous three digits then 30.3 reduced,
then dark religious,
then dark three digits In this way,
if I if I have any string in a given text that only I want to fetch Yes,
I'm fighting that along with that.
Why I'm getting this.
See now you are not matching dot with dot If you want to match this dart with the dis Adar
,
you don't write down your direct slash dot Simply if I write to dar dot means any visit any
character,
that's why c slash d slash d This is going to match for first of three disease.
Then dark means anything.
No,
no,
this is also going to match again.
Three digits?
Yes,
three digits,
then dot means anything phase out.
So I'm going to match for dark.
But our intention is not for this type off numbers some three digits then dot Something to
use,
then door,
then some three visitors dark like ways.
That's why if you want to match with dot with dark,
you had to use slash door.
That's a No.
Zero deserved.
So that's why there is a small difference between daughter and slash dot You need to
understand that clearly soon building.
I want to match dot with the daughter only then you had red slash dark.
That's it.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
don't get confused.
We're going toe practice.
Ah,
with the number off example so that he will get good idea about your regular expressions so
as off?
No,
these are the simple our rules to create your pattern in next,
we'll discuss about at once level rules to create your pattern.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.